Add notification 01V00 (#499)
neo4j/docs-status-codes: modules/ROOT/pages/notifications/all-notifications.adoc

Reviewer: I think this needs to be `INFORMATION`.

//TO ADD EXAMPLES
//To update the description when the code is spit out

[#_neo_clientnotification_statement_virtualgraphpostprocessing]
=== Virtual graph post-processing

This notification is returned when the query execution plan against a virtual graph contains a post-processing step that requires the local engine to fully materialize intermediate results from the remote source.

.Notification details
[cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|Neo4j code
m|Neo.ClientNotification.Statement.VirtualGraphPostProcessing
|Title
a|The query plan against a virtual graph contains a potentially expensive post-processing step.
|Description

> a|The virtual graph query execution plan contains a post-processing step that requires the local engine to fully materialize intermediate results. This may transfer large amounts of data from the remote source and increase memory usage. Consider rewriting the query so that aggregation, `ORDER BY`, `DISTINCT` and `LIMIT` can be pushed down to the remote source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a|The virtual graph query execution plan contains a post-processing step that requires the local engine to fully materialize intermediate results. This may transfer large amounts of data from the remote source, increasing memory usage. Consider rewriting the query so that aggregation, `ORDER BY`, `DISTINCT`, and `LIMIT` can be pushed down to the remote source.
```

|Category
m|PERFORMANCE
|GQLSTATUS code
m|03N97
|Status description

> a|info: virtual graph post-processing. The virtual graph query execution plan contains a post-processing step that requires the local engine to fully materialize intermediate results. This may transfer large amounts of data from the remote source and increase memory usage. Consider rewriting the query so that aggregation, `ORDER BY`, `DISTINCT` and `LIMIT` can be pushed down to the remote source.

Reviewer: If the severity level is warning, this should be `warn:`
```suggestion
a|warn: virtual graph post-processing. The virtual graph query execution plan contains a post-processing step that requires the local engine to fully materialize intermediate results. This may transfer large amounts of data from the remote source, increasing memory usage. Consider rewriting the query so that aggregation, `ORDER BY`, `DISTINCT`, and `LIMIT` can be pushed down to the remote source.
```
